## IVYHacks Project: MedHelp

We were inspired by the ambulance tracking system mentioned on this website: [link] (https://www.trackingsystemdirect.com/ambulance-tracking-gps/). Instead of allowing only hospitals to use this service, we thought that giving people the chance to call an ambulance through this app just like Uber Taxi app, will help save a lot of time for transportation to emergency rooms. Hence, we used Google Maps API, Flutter, and Google Firebase to build a Uber-like app to decrease the time for the ambulance to arrive and improve the overall medical care system. 

We are targeting two categories of audience: the ambulance driver and the normal user. With this app, users can contact the ambulance drivers directly and not the hospital or the police, which saves time for notifying the ambulance driver. Meanwhile, ambulance drivers can also have a clear knowledge of the user's location with the google maps on their phone. In addition, we have also added a section to accommodate the COVID-19 situation to notify the driver whether the user needs special care in case of COVID-19 and reminded them to wear a facial cover. 

During the process of hacking, we all challenged ourselves and tried to collaborate as efficiently as possible. There is only one person in our team that has experience in app development. Therefore, we all had to step out of our comfort zone to learn new technical skills such as UI design and Backend Integration. Also, our team is an International gathering with people from different places of the world and different backgrounds. That said, we needed to manage our tasks well so that people can work and cooperate in different time zone. Nevertheless, we all developed new skills and finished this product at the end. Teamwork is the best way to overcome any barriers!
